Overhaul docs (#395)
huggingface/optimum: docs/source/quicktour.mdx

<!--Copyright 2022 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

> # Quick tour

Author: I thought it was important to give users a quick feel of what the library provides, without requiring them to dig into each subpackage.

We could potentially remove all the "quickstarts" of each subpackage and bundle it all here.

```diff
- from transformers import Trainer
+ from optimum.onnxruntime import ORTTrainer

  # Download a pretrained model from the Hub
  model = AutoModelForSequenceClassification.from_pretrained("bert-base-uncased")

  # Create a ONNX Runtime Trainer
- trainer = Trainer(
+ trainer = ORTTrainer(
      model=model,
      args=training_args,
      train_dataset=train_dataset,
+     feature="sequence-classification", # The model type to export to ONNX
      ...
  )

  # Use ONNX Runtime for training!
  trainer.train()
```

## Accelerated inference

### ONNX Runtime

To accelerate inference with ONNX Runtime, 🤗 Optimum uses _configuration objects_ to define parameters for optimization. These objects are then used to instantiate dedicated _optimizers_ and _quantizers_.

Before applying quantization or optimization, first export our model to the ONNX format:

```python
>>> from optimum.onnxruntime import ORTModelForSequenceClassification
>>> from transformers import AutoTokenizer
>>> model_checkpoint = "distilbert-base-uncased-finetuned-sst-2-english"
>>> save_directory = "tmp/onnx/"
>>> # Load a model from transformers and export it to ONNX

> >>> tokenizer = AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained(model_checkpoint)

Reviewer: `>>> ort_model = ORTModelForSequenceClassification.from_pretrained(model_checkpoint, from_transformers=True)` got removed in commit 7d97309cf66093866e89178c282ebc022baaab46, not sure if this was intended?

Author: Good catch, fixed in [a25bbd9](https://github.com/huggingface/optimum/pull/395/commits/a25bbd94cee2f90e4a7d7f92e4b80ab92f32dd31)

<!--Copyright 2022 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# Quick tour

This quick tour is intended for developers who are ready to dive into the code and see examples of how to integrate 🤗 Optimum into their model training and inference workflows.

## Accelerated training

### Optimum Graphcore

> To train transformers on Habana's Gaudi processors, 🤗 Optimum provides a `IPUTrainer` that is very similar to the [🤗 Transformers trainer](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main_classes/trainer). Here is a simple example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To train transformers on Graphcore's IPUs, 🤗 Optimum provides a `IPUTrainer` that is very similar to the [🤗 Transformers trainer](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main_classes/trainer). Here is a simple example:
```

Author: Good catch!

+     use_habana=True,
+     use_lazy_mode=True,
+     gaudi_config_name="Habana/bert-base-uncased",
      ...
  )

  # Initialize the trainer
- trainer = Trainer(
+ trainer = GaudiTrainer(
      model=model,
      args=training_args,
      train_dataset=train_dataset,
      ...
  )

  # Use Habana Gaudi processor for training!
  trainer.train()
```

### ONNX Runtime

To train transformers with ONNX Runtime's acceleration features, 🤗 Optimum provides a `ORTTrainer` that is very similar to the [🤗 Transformers trainer](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main_classes/trainer). Here is a simple example:

```diff
- from transformers import Trainer
+ from optimum.onnxruntime import ORTTrainer

  # Download a pretrained model from the Hub
  model = AutoModelForSequenceClassification.from_pretrained("bert-base-uncased")

  # Create a ONNX Runtime Trainer
- trainer = Trainer(
+ trainer = ORTTrainer(
      model=model,
      args=training_args,
      train_dataset=train_dataset,
+     feature="sequence-classification", # The model type to export to ONNX
      ...
  )

  # Use ONNX Runtime for training!
  trainer.train()
```

## Accelerated inference

### ONNX Runtime

> To accelerate inference with ONNX Runtime, 🤗 Optimum uses _configuration objects_ to define parameters for optimization. These objects are then used to instantiate dedicated _optimizers_, _quantizers_, and _pruners_.

Reviewer: Are you thinking about INC for "pruners"?

Author: Ah yes, this is an artifact from migrating the original quickstart. Fixed in [7d97309](https://github.com/huggingface/optimum/pull/395/commits/7d97309cf66093866e89178c282ebc022baaab46)
